docs and slides/script.md, before:

# Steps through the Samples

## Simple Films 1
- Component
  - injected service
  - getAll returns an observable
  - subscribe to it

- The service
  - `HttpClient` observable API
  - `HttpClient` & subscribe
- No feedback on error

## Simple Films 2 (add and subscribe)
- Component
  - Handle error in subscribe
  - Adds movie (no subscribe at first)
- Service
  - add() - returns observable
- Component
  - Show what happens when don’t subscribe to the `addHero` observable
  - Must subscribe to execute. It’s like LINQ `toList()`.

## Simple Films 3 (mapping of data and error)
- Component (AsyncPipe)
  - `film$` is `Observable<Movie[]>` instead of `Movie[]`
  - `AsyncPipe` (another Angular observable API) in the template
  -  getting

- Component (`catchError` instead of `subscribe`)
  - Critical to present a user-friendly error even as you capture full error info for developers.
  - `pipe()`
  - `catchError()`
  - import operators
  - Catching errors and returning on the next channel this time

- Service
  - Operators: `map` and `catchError` in the service
  - Re-throw user-friendly error message
  - Must handle with `catchError` in the component or else...
  - using `map` to reshape data for component

 ## Simple Films 4 (AsyncPipe)
- Component (AsyncPipe)
  - `film$` is `Observable<Movie[]>` instead of `Movie[]`
  - `AsyncPipe` (another Angular observable API) in the template
  -  getting

- Component (`catchError` instead of `subscribe`)
  - Critical to present a user-friendly error even as you capture full error info for developers.
  - `pipe()`
  - `catchError()`
  - import operators
  - Catching errors and returning on the next channel this time

- Service
  - Operators: `map` and `catchError` in the service
  - Re-throw user-friendly error message
  - Must handle with `catchError` in the component or else...
  - using `map` to reshape data for component
   

## Wikipedia
- Operators make chaining (piping) easy
- Operators can convert an observable of one type (`string` keystrokes) to an observable of another type (`Movie[]`)
- `switchMap`:  operators that take value args (map) and “higher order” operators that take Observable args.
- `FormControl` to get changes for validation
- _Reactive Forms_: another Angular observable API
- `retryWhen` (go offline in the network tab)

## Error Isolation

## Router
- Another major Angular observable API
- Routed component re-use means `id` parameter changes during component lifetime
- `FilmService` - catching errors and returning on the "next channel"
- `ActivatedRoute` – no need to unsubscribe (explain why)
- `RouterEvents` – must unsubscribe (explain why; show how)

## Memory leaks and avoidance
- Show two slides on “_When to unsubscribe_”
- MemLeak example
- `RouterEvents` showed explicit `unsubscribe()` – good for ONE observable
- `HttpClient` is one-and-done so no real leak concern (although unsubscribe may be helpful)
- `AsyncPipe` takes care of sub/unsub for you.
- `takeUntil` – manage multiple observables. The canonical pattern of Angular components.

## Multistream
- Create a complex observable
- Blend multiple data sources into a single observable.
  - server
  - local server
  - current session


## Raw Observables

_Observables are just functions_.

- Create observable 
- The 3 channels: next, error, complete
- Versions:
  - v1: simple observable functions
  - v2: sync and async; errors
  - binding: how Angular binds to input box and keystrokes
  - v3: custom event observable (how `HttpClient` works)
  - v4: Observable creation functions (`fromEvent`, `of`, ...)
  - binding (again): from `keyup` to `keyup.enter`
  - v4 (again): `filter()` for _enter_ key

Commit message:

added to script, fixed giphy and sw-people

docs and slides/script.md, after:

# Steps through the Samples

## Simple Films 1
- Component
  - injected service
  - getAll returns an observable
  - subscribe to it

- The service
  - `HttpClient` observable API
  - `HttpClient` & subscribe
- No feedback on error

## Simple Films 2 (add and subscribe)
- Component
  - Handle error in subscribe
  - Adds movie (no subscribe at first)
- Service
  - add() - returns observable
- Component
  - Show what happens when don’t subscribe to the `addHero` observable
  - Must subscribe to execute. It’s like LINQ `toList()`.

## Simple Films 3 (mapping of data and error)
- Component (AsyncPipe)
  - `film$` is `Observable<Movie[]>` instead of `Movie[]`
  - `AsyncPipe` (another Angular observable API) in the template
  -  getting

- Component (`catchError` instead of `subscribe`)
  - Critical to present a user-friendly error even as you capture full error info for developers.
  - `pipe()`
  - `catchError()`
  - import operators
  - Catching errors and returning on the next channel this time

- Service
  - Operators: `map` and `catchError` in the service
  - Re-throw user-friendly error message
  - Must handle with `catchError` in the component or else...
  - using `map` to reshape data for component

 ## Simple Films 4 (AsyncPipe)
- Component (AsyncPipe)
  - `film$` is `Observable<Movie[]>` instead of `Movie[]`
  - `AsyncPipe` (another Angular observable API) in the template
  -  getting

- Component (`catchError` instead of `subscribe`)
  - Critical to present a user-friendly error even as you capture full error info for developers.
  - `pipe()`
  - `catchError()`
  - import operators
  - Catching errors and returning on the next channel this time

- Service
  - Operators: `map` and `catchError` in the service
  - Re-throw user-friendly error message
  - Must handle with `catchError` in the component or else...
  - using `map` to reshape data for component
   

## Wikipedia
- Operators make chaining (piping) easy
- Operators can convert an observable of one type (`string` keystrokes) to an observable of another type (`Movie[]`)
- `switchMap`:  operators that take value args (map) and “higher order” operators that take Observable args.
- `FormControl` to get changes for validation
- _Reactive Forms_: another Angular observable API
- `retryWhen` (go offline in the network tab)

## Error Isolation

## Router
- Another major Angular observable API
- Routed component re-use means `id` parameter changes during component lifetime
- `FilmService` - catching errors and returning on the "next channel"
- `ActivatedRoute` – no need to unsubscribe (explain why)
- `RouterEvents` – must unsubscribe (explain why; show how)

## Memory leaks and avoidance
- Show two slides on “_When to unsubscribe_”
- MemLeak example
- `RouterEvents` showed explicit `unsubscribe()` – good for ONE observable
- `HttpClient` is one-and-done so no real leak concern (although unsubscribe may be helpful)
- `AsyncPipe` takes care of sub/unsub for you.
- `takeUntil` – manage multiple observables. The canonical pattern of Angular components.

## Multistream
- Create a complex observable
- Blend multiple data sources into a single observable.
  - server
  - local server
  - current session

## sw-people
- use a paged API with extend operator
- start on people. point out counter and spinner
- show sw-people-service
- point out the $people obs is using extend.
- combine multiple observables working in team for better ui (loading$ and count$)
- explain that shareReplay makes sure that not all work is redone for loading$ and count$
- show sw-people component and template.
- then show sw-people-find component/template


## Raw Observables

_Observables are just functions_.

- Create observable 
- The 3 channels: next, error, complete
- Versions:
  - v1: simple observable functions
  - v2: sync and async; errors
  - binding: how Angular binds to input box and keystrokes
  - v3: custom event observable (how `HttpClient` works)
  - v4: Observable creation functions (`fromEvent`, `of`, ...)
  - binding (again): from `keyup` to `keyup.enter`
  - v4 (again): `filter()` for _enter_ key
